Update README.md for better contributions (#1170)
khoj-ai/khoj: README.md

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).

### Interested in Contributing?

> .
> 
> 💡 Want to Contribute?
> Khoj is an open-source project, and we’d love for you to join us! Whether you’re a coder, designer, writer, or enthusiast, there’s a place for you.
> 
> Why Contribute?
> Make an Impact: Help build a tool used by thousands to boost productivity.
> Learn & Grow: Work on cutting-edge AI, LLMs, and semantic search technologies.
> We are always looking for contributors to help us build new features, improve the project documentation, or fix bugs. If you're interested, please see our [Contributing Guidelines](https://docs.khoj.dev/contributing/development) and check out our [Contributors Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/khoj-ai/projects/4).

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggested changes. The contributors section can be improved into something like:
```suggestion
Khoj is open source. It is sustained by the community and we’d love for you to join it! Whether you’re a coder, designer, writer, or enthusiast, there’s a place for you.

Why Contribute?
- Make an Impact: Help build, test and improve a tool used by thousands to boost productivity.
- Learn & Grow: Work on cutting-edge AI, LLMs, and semantic search technologies.

You can help us build new features, improve the project documentation, report issues and fix bugs. If you're a developer, please see our [Contributing Guidelines](https://docs.khoj.dev/contributing/development) and check out [good first issues](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/contribute) to work on.
```

This merges your suggestions, the existing text and fixes where to look for good first issues to work on.
